Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate.
C.G. Jung

Thte universe rewards us for understanding it and pushishes us for not understanding it. When we understand the universe, our plans workand we feel good. Conversely, if we try to fly by jumping off a cliff and flapping our arms the universe will kill us.
The Sovreign Individual

I choose a lazy person to do a hard job. Because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it.
Bill Gates

Boredom is the mother of all invention
Plato

Days are long; Decades are short
Buddhist Saying

You must conform to rules, submit to a diet, refrain from dainties; exercise your body, whether you choose it or not, at a stated hour, in heat and cold; you must drink no cold water, nor sometimes even wine. In a word, you must give yourself up to your master, as to a physician.
Epicteatus

You’re never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you’re never as bad as they say when you lose.
Lou Holdz, Football Coach

The main thing that socially intelligent people understand is that your relationship to everyone else is an extension of your relationship to yourself.
101 Essays That Will Change the way You Think

Assume that any activity you might ever want to do will be harder next year.
Unknown

The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.
Richard Feynman, 1974 Caltech commencement speech

You are bound by nothing but your own fear, so you will not find freedom anywhere but within yourself.
101 Essay That Will Change The Way You Think

Your morning sets the stage for the rest of your day. That doesn't mean you have to get up early. It does mean that you should use your morning to do what's most important to you.
My Morning Routine

The bad news is you're falling through the air, nothing to hold on to, no parachute. The good news is there's no ground.
Meditation Master Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche

I think the best "app" is the human body. Treat it well with good food, adequate rest, regular exercise, exposure to sunlight, visits to nature, and a good social support network, and things tend to go well.
My Morning Routine (p 204)

It is by being fully involved with every detail of our lives, whether good or bad, that we find happiness, not by trying to look for it directly.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi (Flow)

He who knows only his own generation remains forever a child.
Cicero

